Make UI desktop quality using largely d3 js library and others from unpkg link, for coding the plugin window experience
for each instrument and effect, have a dedicated "plugin" window for it, with every parameter adjustable with them, have a Figma like canvas/diagram UX where 
user can manually wire by mouse draging the wires from input "the virutal midi keyboard", through any plugin and amount of plugins they want, (there is a bank of plugin, and if they double click into plugin, 
they will see dedicated plugin window for it ) to output which is speakers. user can freely move elements on the canvas.\
this will be a addition and redesign of both frontend and 


Add a selection of tone.js built instruments in a bank to load to the piano keys, try to not messup
the midi logic and anything else. Use ToneJS_Deep_exploration.html as a reference

add multi-track writing function that allows multiple midi clips to play
at the same time the ai messed up, need dropdown menus

to Midi_DAW_With_Ideas.html

don't delete function to load custom audio file that pitches up and down to be triggered
by piano tiles

add ability to jump ahead anywhere on timeline and playback, go back or forward a measure. Basically improve transport and time system proactively (don't delete any existing functionality, you should only stack functionality).
Expand selection of midi writing tools to be more versatile, to be able to select multiple notes with a expandable visual dashed rectangle, 
have mass selection actions like delete, drag selected notes down or up semitones. Upgrade midi writing
handling logic to be like FL Studio (right click drag over notes to delete them, be proactive about this one). Add right click actions on notes and selection of notes, with custom sleek, skinny black context menu
with options like delete, move up and down a semitone (2 options here), move up and down an octave (2 options), be proactive.
Note: being proactive doesn't mean to mess up functionality I already have. Make little edits frequently to not mess up.

Polysynth, pluck synth sound the same. Add parameters that modify how the instruments sounds.
Add a way to expand the loaded instrument to change parameters in a custom window pop up
that looks good like a plugin interface (fun ways to dial controls like faders, 3d buttons animations, type in controls, looks like sound hardware), properly saves the parameters to the instrument everytime.
Add deep, intricate parameters for each instrument. 

The timeline quite isn't working (the already existin time features work, like autoscroll), 
when I try to click a custom place on timeline, 
it keeps going back to slightly before the playhead was when I clicked it not matter where I click , 
the skip ahead or behind measure 
A lot of errors in eruda about instrument parameters when midi daw starts up
 and when I modify the parameters in plugin window, 
 (the ui works though, doesn't show a save button)

Midi Daw in PAUSE mode, playback head should be visible and able to move wherever it wants, so when
user presses play, it starts at where the playback head was last. Also the click wherever
on timeline while in play mode works only until playback header goes till edge of my screen distance,
(remember it autoscrolls, so the the header is around the middle, but the distance is one screen)
then beyond the edge of screen distance.(This was always the problem, the last update to change anything about that) In other standard DAWs, there is usually a visible triangle on top playhead
that hangs out in timeline area, and measure or time interval markers on timeline strip, but my midi daw
has none of that right now.

In summary, improve pause mode time handling logic, fix skip ahead and behind logic, add
visual triangle and timeline markers

Now that the playback line is showing visually in timeline area, I can see that
the playback line looks broken into 2 pieces, 1 in timeline area, and 1 in midi grid area.
the timeline area line starts and moves behind line in midi grid area. but after midi grid
line reaches edge of screen, autoscroll starts and the line in timeline area blazes past midi area line which is going at the speed of autoscroll
it has to be something with the autoscroll. to clarify the midi grid line is going at speed of autoscroll.
also the triangle and measure markers and labels aren't visible. check z-index of elements.

make autoscroll trigger earlier at 75% of screen.
make glowing in style "tutorial" button,
that has a musician guy at corner of screen with dialogue bubbles talking and yellow moving
rectangles and arrows point to every feature available, so user of DAW doesn't miss a single feature.
Kind of like a guided demo of a video game at the beginning. tutorial should showcare every button and feature with engaging, fun dialogue.

Made ToneJS_Deep_exploration html that attempts to cover every feature available in the
Tone.js library. Uses D3 javascript library to visually route the incoming signal, the virutal
midi keyboard, through any amount of instruments, sequencers and effects (built-in Tone.js features).
The GUI is like a mind map. Turns out I actually tried to do this before with TonejsInst html in Summer of Making.
I accidently deleted the stylesheet, which I generically named style css. So I redid the css with inline and now
it has css.

Made several improvements to Midi_DAW_With_Ideas html.
-Midi DAW now allows users to skip ahead or behind to wherever they want on timeline
    +Pre-flavortown, users would always have to play the midi arrangement from beginning
    +Auto-scrolling was available pre-flavortown, now improved syncing with playhead and triggers earlier so user can see what's ahead
-Added multiple midi notes actions
    +User can now select any number of notes using selection tool to drag a blue, dashed rectangle around desired notes
    +Implemented sleek right-click menu for selected notes: delete, move up/down a semitone/octave
    +Deleting notes is now available; backspace or right-click menu
-Added fun interactive tutorial demo
    +Coded a guitar character named "Riff" as the guide person, who can speak via dialogue bubbles
    +Has moving yellow boxes and arrows to point out every feature
Video shows Midi DAW with an already uploaded Willhem Tell Overture midi file. I go through most features of the Midi DAW.
I also modified TonejsInst and created another html called ToneJS_Deep_exploration, but I'll talk about that next devlog, where I can upload a dedicated video for that.

make a sleek, desktop like GUI for TonejsInst.

update links for WebAudioDAWTools.html, add ToneJS_Deep_exploration planet.
 Completely refactor the entire UI to be a interactive sleek three.js universe full of 
 beautiful 3d orbiting planents that are actually 3d links. In order to click one,
  user has to shoot themselves from a cosmic cannon and successfully hit a planet, 
  or reset from where they started. Use some cdn links to called appropriate physics and three.js libraries.

universe should be mouse orbitable just like a usual three.js simulation. Also, screw physics,
and allow when users click on a planet to aim and press fire, you always score and can redirected to the website
after cutscene is done.

bottom right corner of screen, and a bank of planet names also on right side,
with pop up window giving additional info about planet. etch names of planets into planets 3d render

Objective of this prompt: Refactor AudioVerse.html GUI to be sleek, desktop like graphics, text font, button symbols and animations
 without deleting, adding or modifying any functionality
 Be very careful as AudioVerse.html is a huge ecosystem of files

 Created ToneJS_Deep_exploration planet;
 -Made 10 core instruments built into Tone.js available to use in this tool
    +10 synthesizers, all built from code, not audio samples
    +Subjectively, the most interesting ones are Duosynth and AM synth
-18 Audio FXs are all good to use
    +Reverbs, compressors, distortion, delays, experimentation FXs
-All "plugins" have parameters users can tweak
    +Double click any plugin to modify related parameters 
-Use D3 javascript library to make visual diagram routing GUI of FXs and instruments.
    +Inspired by Patcher plugin from FL Studio
    +Drag instruments and FXs from navigation bank on left, into workspace
    +Visually connect inputs and output nodes with adaptive arrows to route the audio chain 
-Press Virtual Midi Keyboard to trigger audio
    +Sleek GUI and animation of virtual keyboard
    +Error stopping note after releasing key, but page still produces audible sound
-Placeholder signal processors, modulators, analyzers, utilities, sequencers and so many more features coming.
-Consulted official Tone.js documentation to properly implement tone.js features
In video, I load AM synth with Freeverb FX and show GUI and features.


Will now update UI of WebAudioDAWTools

In WebAudioDAWTools:
-Move fire and reset button to the left. Get rid of fire button, because user uses spacebar to shoot.
-Allow user to see circle or highlight of the planet, if they press visit planet in the bank of planets.
Users only way to access tools is shoot themselves from the cannon.
-Make animations better for when user successfully hits a planet (right now they just bounce off, and then it redirects)
-Also have instruction dialogue pop ups to let user know to reset if it misses for too long,
and lets them know to position the cursor to aim, press spacebar and release to shoot.
-Make bank of planets have more detailed info when clicked into, look more beautiful and cosmic like,
 have Space game experience dialog themed window popup with slow animation.
-Make planets more interesting shape wise, orbiting behavior wise, bigger name and some short info floating on each planet.
right now they all look like colored balls

-Make orbit paths and speed of each planet different, variable and random every reload. 
Make it realistic like our Solar System, so most planets follow a almost circle orbit around sun.
-Add a time speed up or slow down controls to control speed of orbits
-when user press highlight in window, the window blocks the line of sight of user seeing highlighted planet.
-make the cursor a crosshair with circle around it like in shooter games.
-Make dialogue box instruction show up when simulation loads, 
emphasize that user must aim with mouse position and press or hold space to shoot; also environment is mouse 3d orbitable
-Add detailed description of each planet's function when user selects it from bank.


create a devlog for WebAudioDAWTools landing page and brief mention of ToneJSInst UI update
similar to this:
Made several improvements to Midi_DAW_With_Ideas html.
-Added a selection of ToneJS instruments to be triggered by midi arrangement
+Included a plugin UI quality pop up windows to adjust instrument parameters such as wave type, envelope, etc…
-Midi DAW now allows users to skip ahead or behind to wherever they want on timeline
+Pre-flavortown, users would always have to play the midi arrangement from beginning
+Auto-scrolling was available pre-flavortown, now improved syncing with playhead and triggers earlier so user can see what’s ahead
-Added multiple midi notes actions
+User can now select any number of notes using selection tool to drag a blue, dashed rectangle around desired notes
+Implemented sleek right-click menu for selected notes: delete, move up/down a semitone/octave
+Deleting notes is now available; backspace or right-click menu
-Added fun interactive tutorial demo
+Coded a guitar character named “Riff” as the guide person, who can speak via dialogue bubbles
+Has moving yellow boxes and arrows to point out every feature
*Video shows Midi DAW with an already uploaded Willhem Tell Overture midi file. I go through most features of the Midi DAW. Video is 2x sped up as video was too long to upload.
*I also did other things: modified TonejsInst and created another html called ToneJS_Deep_exploration, but I’ll talk about that next devlog, where I can upload a dedicated video for that



In AudioVerse DAW:
-Improve recording quality using Tone.js
-Make Volume Automation feature actually work
-Implement Tone.js instruments slowly and carefully
-missing zoom controls

Look in AudioVerse.html (and its local and web dependcies), carefully replace the recording and 
time system from Web Audio API to Tone.js for it's advantages in audio handling. Look at WhyTonejs.txt for
why I want Tone JS library in my Website Digital Audio Workstation; AudioVerse.html.

make the devlog shorter with the +items being the details, -items being the headlines/general 
*items are general without detail items to elaborate

average language and not too much detail on technical, 
add items under related general points that describe how to use the simulation; crosshair aim, space, etc...
make it human like, engaging, fun


Turned the 2d Audioverse Universe links page into a full-blown 3D space cannon simulation:
-Every tool is now a 3d planet orbiting a sun (which is the DAW)
+Drag your mouse to fly around the universe
+Use the new time-warp buttons in the corner to make the planets zoom or crawl at your own pace
+Check out the "Planet Bank" on the right to see exactly what each tool does before you launch
-Added a "Cosmic Cannon" because clicking links is for boomers
+Aim with the cursor crosshair, hold Space to charge your power, and blast yourself toward a planet to open it
+You can shoot from any position in the universe
+If you miss and get lost in the void, just hit 'R' to reset and try again
+Watch out for the particle explosions when you finally nail a landing — it's super satisfying
*Redid TonejsInst planet's GUI with nice blue and red colors. TonejsInst main feature is the drum sequencer.
*Video shows space cannon links page demonstration and TonejsInst drum sequencer

could be the artwork or the addition ofwhy i'm i hesitating
the one and only ivan

implement tonejsinstrument library sample based insruments in ToneJS_Instrument_Exhibit.html,
expand grid, and make it chromatic and each box is smaller

-code custom parameters for each not quite usually an unpkg link

Note: when using audio files, always use locally

acli --help

acli rovodev

Can you see what is in my repository

If I clear session history for rovo dev cli, will the session context reset?

I forgot to ask for it to make small edits at a time

Next step will be getting Rovodev to populate a csv file

For AudioVerse.html, the recording starts successfully, but can't stop (according to js console) or save the file as a blob to the track.
Use Tone.js for this. Also replace the audio blob waveform visualization to use Tone.js in conjunction with P5.js library for high resolution waveform visualization of audio blob on arrangement view.
Work on zoom controls for smooth, high resolution zooming in track area. Extend timeline cursor to go all the way down.