A collection of web-based super super sick audio tools

To Do List:
-Polish UI of Audioverse DAW
-Utilize Tone.js to its full extent, with tons of instruments
-Use Webassembly C++ to make Web Reaper work
-Audio Analyzing tools
For Main DAW specifically
-UI, perhaps switch framework to use no emojis and only custom graphics
    +In depth audio visualization tool
    +Automation
-Redesign DAW to use Tone.js and add virtual instrument support

But first use Tone.js in a web app.
Will use a React framework research 

humanize the writing of the readme

decide which framework from Graphics.md is the best for creating a desktop'
graphics quality daw fully supported on website

I want to create a completely new web application completely seperate and not
referencing any other files in this repository, for now. It will be Virtual instrument DAW and will use a completely different framework (mantime). 
I need your help deciding the complete set library dependcies that are best for creating 
this web application to be desktop quality. Put your suggestions in a md file called
plan.md.

A common downfall when using all these libraries and dependcies is using
wrong syntax or commands that don't exist in that library. In plan.md,
state method of obtaining depencies(e.g. cdn link or installing or cloning from repo),
put links to reference official documentation of each library
and be throughly grounded with documentation. Search up latest stable version of each library
if neccessary

Reorganize everything in home folder of repo into a 
folder so that nothing except md and txt files are in home folder exposed.
Pack the rest of the files into existing or new subdirectory

Objective of this prompt: Start Virtual Instrument DAW in organized folder and file structure
-Fetch dependencies for Virtual Instrument DAW
-Look at plan.md to reference

Objective of this prompt: rename folder and main file for new mantime app (now called Open Musician)
-name main html file openmusicianhtml, not index.html
-no generic names
-always check problems panel in vs code after done with goals for future reference

should i use rolldown-vite (experimental)?

It works now, time for the big guns: Making expansive first draft plan in new plan.md file of Open Musician
-Throughly dig and utilize the full extent of tone.js and other sound libraries included and
make Open Musician fully functional
    +Piano roll view similar to FL Studio with well-thought out, intiuitive user interaction (mouse controls, selection, etc...)
    +Primarily track workflow, window workflow (track view, mixer view, step sequencer view, perhaps score editing view like Noteflight)
    +Midi support and triggers
    +Clip based workflow (clip as in a chunk of midi notes with visual boundaries), copy and pastable, split, merge clips, etc...
    +Tons of official Tone.js instruments ready at track header, with features to throughly tweak the instruments in a cool plugin looking environment
    +Tons of official Tone.js audio effects ready to apply to any track, and master track
    +Smooth and sleak User interaction experience (if user wants to drag something, web app shouldn't select text, make text unselectable), auto-scrolling
    vertical and manual scrolling should feel smooth,
    +Virtual midi keyboard and musical typing with computer keyboard, to manually trigger virtual instruments.
    +Transport controls are standard DAW grade
    +Timeline and timing system is robust and user interaction is smooth, code features for tempo changes and metronome feature
    +Accurate and high resolution Audio visualization of tracks, export audio and midi files features
    +Audio Clip upload and playback support, no recording audio
-Flex the capabilities of the graphics and animation libraries installed
 by creating the dyanmic UI being "super super sick" desktop quality
    +UI is so good that, User should experience surprise that the UI created in this project was even possible on a website
    +UI should look desktop like (resizable windows and elements, multiple movable windows, etc...)
    +Standard Cascading Menu to find every feature on there
    +Symbols/pictures used in app should be custom drawn/coded no emojis
    +Button and element postions should make sense and be intiuitive
    +Include smooth animation logic for actions for smooth experience such as drag and drop clip, sliding clips horizontally across track area
    +Timeline marker lines going all the way down, no stop, dark color so hard to see, 
    +Zooming in and out of piano roll, multitrack area, audio visualization areas, everywhere neccessary

complete phase 1, don't debug or start server, I will do that part for future reference.

right now the UI isn't making sense for a DAW, the track area should practically cover
the entire screen and there are a bunch of other not making sense arrangment with the 
tone.js DAW. Also integrate eruda so I can debug it

look at Mididawwithideas.html and create a similar single html page that is a 
tone.js exhibit, showcasing the built in instruments of tone.js, with support from
other vanilla compatible js libraries like midi.js, <script src="https://unpkg.com/d3@^7.0.0/dist/d3.min.js"></script>,
for ui and ux. the output html should allow user to midi sequence notes, and hear 
the audio output of the tone.js instruments.

<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/eruda"></script>
  <script>eruda.init();</script>

